doc: check the upgrade readiness (#48054)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/updates/index.md

A new version of Sourcegraph is released every month (with patch releases in between, released as needed). Check the [Sourcegraph blog](https://about.sourcegraph.com/blog) or the site admin updates page to learn about updates. We actively maintain the two most recent monthly releases of Sourcegraph.

## Check the upgrade readiness

Starting 4.6.0, you are able to check the instance upgrade readiness by navigating to **Site admin > Updates** page, readiness information includes:

> - Whether there are [schema drifts](../how-to/schema-drift.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Whether there is [schema drift](../how-to/schema-drift.md)
```
